[polaris.shopify.com] Include HTML source for examples (#6688)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/nine-goats-leave.md

---
'polaris.shopify.com': minor
---

> Simplify rendering of code blocks on site. Use the same component for every code example. This makes the experience more consistent and ensures that every code block has features like copy paste.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simplified rendering of code blocks on site by using the same component for every code example. This makes the experience more consistent and ensures that every code block has features like copy/paste.
```
